Feat(eos_cli_config_gen): Support for multiple VARPv6  addresses (#1761)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: ansible_collections/arista/avd/roles/eos_cli_config_gen/README.md

        dr_priority: < 0-429467295 >
        sparse_mode: < true | false >
        local_interface: < local_interface_name >

>     # The below "VARPv6" keys will be deprecated in AVD v4.0 - These should not be mixed with the new "VARPv6" key above to avoid conflicts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # The below "ipv6_virtual_router_address" key will be deprecated in AVD v4.0 - These should not be mixed with the new "ipv6_virtual_router_addresses" key below to avoid conflicts.
```

    ipv6_virtual_router_address: < IPv6_address >
    # New improved "VARPv6" data model to support multiple VARPv6 addresses.

>     ipv6_virtual_router_address:

Reviewer: typo. This should be `ìpv6_virtual_router_addresses`
